Updated techical documentation (#328)
UKHomeOffice/engineering-guidance-and-standards: technical-docs/architecture-decision-records/technical-decision-log.md

| 130    | Ignore phase banner being outside landmark regions                          | Those elements being outside a landmark region is a moderate level failure. It is not considered to be a high priority issue by the Gov.uk design system team. See [Github issue where phase banner and landmarks is discussed](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues/1604). We will revisit this decision as part of a planned review of the site design as a whole.                                    | Axe-core has been configured to ignore elements with a `data-axe-exclude` attribute. This has been added to the phase banner and breadcrumbs.                                                                               | 2023-06-16 | None                |

> | 72 | Moving hosting application on Home Office platform from GitHub Pages | In order to host the site under a Home Office domain (https://engineering.homeoffice.gov.uk), we are required to host the site on the Home Office platform.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Deployment actions updated to deploy to Home Office platform. | 2023-06-13 | None |  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 72 | Switch to hosting the site on a Home Office platform from GitHub Pages | In order to host the site under a Home Office domain (https://engineering.homeoffice.gov.uk), we are required to host the site on the Home Office appilciation container platform.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Deployment actions updated to deploy to Home Office platform. | 2023-06-13 | None |  
```
